I hope your special day will bring you lots of happiness, love and fun. You deserve them a lot. Enjoy!
Have a wonderful birthday. I wish your every day to be filled with lots of love, laughter, happiness and the warmth of sunshine.
May your coming year surprise you with the happiness of smiles, the feeling of love and so on. I hope you will find plenty of sweet memories to cherish forever. Happy birthday.
On your special day, I wish you good luck. I hope this wonderful day will fill up your heart with joy and blessings. Have a fantastic birthday, celebrate the happiness on every day of your life. Happy Birthday!!
May this birthday be filled with lots of happy hours and also your life with many happy birthdays, that are yet to come. Happy birthday.
We have carefully prepared list of most beautiful happy birthday wishes you can find. Feel free to choose the best and sent to your recipient in your birthday card.
Let’s light the candles and celebrate this special day of your life. Happy birthday.
You are very special and that’s why you need to float with lots of smiles on your lovely face. Happy birthday.
Special day, special person and special celebration. May all your dreams and desires come true in this coming year. Happy birthday.
You are my true friend. You were always with me, you supported me, you boosted me up when I was down. Thanks for being such a friend of mine. Happy birthday.
Let your all the dreams to be on fire and light your birthday candles with that. Have a gorgeous birthday.
Writing tip: Sometimes is better to carefully pick nice birthday video or card so you don’t have to invest too much time in writing your birthday message. Video will say much more than plain words.
It’s your birthday. Now you’ve more grown up. Every year you’re becoming more perfect.
Wishing my friend a very happy birthday and you don’t need to speak it out loud that I’m your best friend too. Love you dear.
There are so many important things that I’ve learnt from you. Happy Birthday, dad.
The years we shared while growing up are like treasures to me. I can remember our every moment of laughter. Happy Birthday, my dear friend.
Happy Birthday To You
You are a person who always deserves the best and obviously nothing less. Wish your birthday celebration will be as fantastic as you are. Happy birthday.
I want your birthday to be celebrated as a national holiday because then I’ll get a day off. Happy birthday.
Another birthday, so you are growing older gradually. But I find no change in you. You look perfect like before. Happy birthday.
Writing tip: Try to insert some funny moment you had together to make birthday quote even more personal.
Happy birthday. May all the best things of the world happen in your life because you are definitely one of the best people too.
It is birthday for your most important person in the world. Your soulmate, your love. Don’t panic, we have some of the best happy birthday wishes for husband or wife. You will surely find something for yourself.
I always wished to be a great friend like you. But there is no way to be a better friend than you in the world. Happy birthday.
Soon you’re going to start a new year of your life and I hope this coming year will bring every success you deserve. Happy birthday.
More interesting Birthday Wishes:
Happy Birthday to my Boss
It’s a wonderful day and I’ve brought a beautiful and delicious cake for you. Now it’s time to celebrate and make this special day more colorful. Happy birthday.
Wishing happy birthday to the best person I’ve ever met in this world.
Thank you for all the memories we have. Without you the world would have been colorless to me.
You need something short and sweet. You are on perfect place. We have some of the nicest short birthday quotes in the text bellow.
You are the only one who helped me a lot, guided me a lot and never given up when even I was not confident. Thanks for being all the way with me. Happy birthday.
It’s an honor for me that the best man in this world is my brother. Happy birthday.
Best collection of happy birthday images to express your feelings.
I feel proud when I call you my sister. I want to feel this today and every day.
Writing tip: It would be nice if you can figure out some funny birthday memory from previous milestones and insert it into your birthday quote with phrase like “I still remember that birthday when you…”.
I wish a very happy birthday for the second much loved child of my parents.
Every morning when I wake up, I always thank you. You are the one who loves me unconditionally. You are always my lovely mom, wishing you a happy birthday.
Writing tip: Kids just love to know that they are getting older. So don’t forget to ensure that you have exact number of years included into your birthday message when you sent it to your smallones.
Have friend that are religious and need to sent them something nice for their birthday? If cannot think of what to tell them, let these Religious Birthday Wishes guide you on what you truly want to express. More than 100 Religious Birthday Wishes
Blessings for your Happy Birthday
No matter how much I grow up, still it seems that we were young yesterday. Love you so much bro. Happy birthday.
Take all the best wishes on this special day and become a great man in life. Love you so much, brother.
Happy Birthday Quotes for Boyfriend Funny Happy Birthday Quotes
I placed you in my heart since you were born. You are the best gift ever that I’ve gotten from our parents. I’m so lucky to have you as my younger brother. Happy birthday.
Friend, though the list of our fight is too long, but still I want to wish a wonderful birthday.
You are not only the very best dad, you are like a role model to me. Happy birthday.
Your simple words could bring a big smile to my face. I’m really thankful to GOD for giving me such a loving sister.
I want to thank you my sis, for being the most loving and caring sister in the world. No one understands me better than you. Wish you a Happy Birthday.
Your birthday is more special to me than you, because on this day, I found the most precious friend of my entire life. Happy Birthday.
A birthday cake is always good, but to me a friend like you is undoubtedly great. Happy Birthday.
My warmest wishes for the most wonderful mother for her special day. Happy Birthday bro.
Every brother is special, but for me there is no other brother who can be compared to your qualities and abilities. On this special day, I wish you a happy birthday.
The person who has always guided me, for who I am and loved me the most. Happy Birthday, dad.
Your soulmate has a birthday and you cannot find right words to craft cute birthday quote for him? Don’t be afraid and browse this article to find inspiration.
May be you are growing older every year, but to me you’ll always remain as my cute, little sister. Have a Happy Birthday.
Your simple words can bring smile on my face, can keep me laughing always. Happy Birthday, sis.
I could never find a better friend than you in this whole world. Wishing you a Happy Birthday.
Writing tip: Using nicknames can be effecting in making birthday message more warm and personal so feel free to included any nicknames recepient have.
Thanks my dear friend, for being the perfect partner of my simple life. Have a happy birthday.
If I’m given the opportunity to pick my best friend, then I will choose you always as my best friend because I need you more than anyone. Happy Birthday.
I’m so glad to have a nephew like you and there is no other nephew in the world that is quite like you. Have a gorgeous day nephew. Happy Birthday.
Happy Birthday, sis. Can you remember that how we used to smile in our old days? You still have that pleasant style of smiling and that’s why I love you sister.
Thanks for being the perfect companion on the rides of FRIENDSHIP. I always felt out of this globe when we were together. Happy Birthday.
Happy Birthday Baby
Friends always have a special bond between them and no one can break it. Wishing you a Happy Birthday.
Friend, you have brought plenty of happiness in my life. Have a special celebration on your special day.
The guidance I got in all these years was wonderful. I’m very grateful to you, mom. Wishing you a very happy birthday.
The best friend in this world deserves world’s best wishes from all. Happy birthday to you.
You are the most amazing, good-looking and smart person I’ve ever met in my entire life. Love you dad. Happy birthday.
I want to wish the greatest gf a very happy birthday. Love you, .
No one else has the biggest heart in this world. Happy birthday, friend.
I want to wish a very Happy Birthday to the smartest friend in this entire world.
Your bestie has a birthday today and you want to sent her some nice birthday message. That is a common problem but you will find solution on this site.
You cannot compare the relation between brothers to anything in the world – especially the millions of memories that you cherish. Happy Birthday.
Friend, we shared so many laughs and thoughts and also boosted each other up when we were down. Have a wonderful birthday.
Wishing a very Happy Birthday to my lovely mom. I want to thank you for being my best friend as well.
There might be thousands of sisters in this world, but to me you are the best, without any doubt. Happy Birthday.
I’m so lucky that I have such a beautiful and precious relationship with my loving and wonderful friend. Happy Birthday.
You are the one for whom I have understood the love and accompany of a sister. Happy Birthday, sis.
Wishing Happy Birthday to my charming and extremely talented friend.
Wishing my best friend a big happy birthday. This special day is only made for you.
I’m thanking you for always being a perfect companion on my journey. Without you I would have been absolutely lost. Wishing you a very Happy Birthday, mom.
We’ve shared many good times and did so many things. Thanks for everything. Happy Birthday.
Though we argue about many things and irritate each other. But I love you and consider you always as my best friend. Happy Birthday, friend.
Wishing a happy birthday to my amazing cousin. I hope all your dreams will come true very soon.
It’s so great to have you as my best friend. I would like to share my every single moment with you. Happy Birthday!!
I’m sending this birthday message to the best-looking and extraordinary sister in the world. Love you so much.
I hope your birthday is going to be a terrific one. Enjoy your day and be happy always. Happy birthday.
The world has become a better place to me and it’s only for your presence in my life. Thank you so much. Happy birthday.
Want to sent some cute birthday quote to your lover? Find inspiration using birthday messages bellow.
Happy birthday to a strong and adorable soul, happy birthday to you!
Enjoy the best of today with a lot of laughter like never before. Happy birthday to you!
Wishing you a great day filled with laughter and happiness. Happy birthday!
Have a wonderful moment and a very happy birthday with smiles.
I want to be the first individual to send you your birthday wishes. So, happy birthday!
Cheers on your special day. You are just nearing to adult’s underpants.
What a wonderful and exciting day for you. Happy birthday!
Best wishes in your celebrations and the rest of your life.
I wish you good luck on your special day. Hope your heart will be filled with joy and blessing on this day
The number of years the world has been enjoying you is what age is. Happy birthday
No matter the challenges we get in life, you are always in my mind. Happy birthday!
Let it be in your mind that when you are over the hill the speed starts to pick up. Happy birthday!
Old age is an awesome thing. You should make a success in it and you have to start young. Happy birthday!
One secret of remaining is to live with honesty, eating slowly and not telling the truth about your age. Happy birthday!
Happy birthday as you grow old along with me, we are yet to see the best
Life is about being crazy and funny and that what you are. Happy birthday!
Happy thoughts. Happy moments. Happy feeling. Happy moments. Happy birthday!
Youth is the ability to see the beauty and that’s where it’s happy. You should keep this ability and you will never grow old.
I am wishing all the best on this very unique day for you. I just hope that you continue to contribute to the lives of others with positivity, beautiful spirit and love.
Happy birthday dear one. May your day be fantastic just like you!
Is there something better than simple and short birthday message? We have large collection of birthday wishes for everyone. Feel free to find something for yourself.
Hope your birthday celebration is going to put a big smile on your face and that it will be a day to remember for years to come. Love you.
Happy Birthday to someone so special to so many, hope your day is amazing and filled with joy.
On your birthday I hope that you sit back and relax, you deserve to have a great time and enjoy the day.
Happy Birthday to a good friend, they are priceless and hard to find, couldn’t have found better in you.
Happy Birthday to someone who lights up my life, may today bring you much joy.
Hoping you have a great time on your birthday because you deserve it.
On this birthday occasion, enjoy some cake and take some time for yourself. You deserve to celebrate big.
Happy Birthday to someone who is such a great friend to me, what would I do without you. You’re the best.
To a friend who is more like family, wishing you a happy birthday today and many more to come.
For a friend who makes me laugh more than anything, I hope that your birthday today does the same for you. Enjoy it!
Happy Birthday to a special someone who always makes me smile, hoping that your day is magical and filled with love and light.
On your birthday you deserve to feel special and I sure hope that you do, thank you for being such a great friend.
Happy Birthday and I hope that your special day is fun-filled, with plenty of love and laughter.
On your birthday I hope that you party and never forget the new memories made, you deserve to enjoy your day and celebrate big.
May you make the most out of this birthday occasion, and I hope we celebrate many more together yet.
